Introduce Query Logger in Debugging panel (#7817)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

The :guilabel:`Debugging/Development Tools` panel (:kbd:`F12`) provides
a unified place for handling and debugging actions within QGIS.
Available tools are organized under following tabs:

* |networkAndProxy| :guilabel:`Network Logger`
* |dbManager| :guilabel:`Query Logger`
* |stopwatch| :guilabel:`Profiler`

.. note:: Plugin authors can extend the panel with custom tabs
 for debugging and developping their own plugins.
 This is done using :meth:`registerDevToolWidgetFactory
 <qgis.gui.QgisInterface.registerDevToolWidgetFactory>` method.

Network Logger
..............

The |networkAndProxy| :guilabel:`Network Logger` tab helps you record
and display network requests, along with a whole load of useful details
like request and reply status, header, errors, SSL configuration errors,
timeouts, cache status, etc.

From its top toolbar, you can:

* |record| :guilabel:`Record Log`: which will start or stop the logging.
* |deleteSelected| :guilabel:`Clear Log`: will clear the log history.
* |fileSave| :guilabel:`Save Log...`: will first show a big warning that
  the log is sensitive and should be treated as confidential and then
  allow you to save the log.

> * Press the |options| :guilabel:`Settings` drop-down menu toselect whether

Author: ```suggestion
* Press the |options| :guilabel:`Settings` drop-down menu to select whether
```

By right clicking on a request you can:

* :guilabel:`Open URL` which will open the URL in your default browser.
* :guilabel:`Copy URL`
* :guilabel:`Copy As cURL` to use it in the terminal.
* :guilabel:`Copy as JSON`: copies the tree values as a json string to the
  clipboard, for easy pasting in bug reports or for remote assistance.

.. figure:: img/network_logger.png
   :align: center

   Network Logger output for GET Request

Query Logger
............

The |dbManager| :guilabel:`Query Logger` is the place to log the SQL commands
sent by the data provider and the connections API to the backend database,
together with their execution time as measured by QGIS (i.e. in the client
that sent the commands).
This can be useful when investigating performances of a particular layer
during debugging or development of a QGIS algorithm or plugin.

From its top toolbar, you can:

* |record| :guilabel:`Record Log`: which will start or stop the logging.
* |deleteSelected| :guilabel:`Clear Log`: will clear the log history.
* |fileSave| :guilabel:`Save Log...`: will first show a big warning that
  the log is sensitive and should be treated as confidential and then
  allow you to save the log.

> * |options| :guilabel:`Settings`

Author: I have no idea what this menu is supposed to do. @elpaso ? See also https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/50403

Author: ```suggestion
```
Considering https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/50527
